okay everybody I'm here in Thailand I'm
gonna get my first tide cooking lesson
from my favorite restaurant that I just
in that every single day and check this
out the chef here is going to show me
how to make his version of fried rice
and I have this like how many times you
think I eat here every week I must eat
here like twice a week three times a
week easily
and what we have right here as he is
preparing the walk we've got the
vegetables we've got some Chinese
sausage check that out right there and
the master is going to show us how he
does it so what did you do you put oil
in there first yeah looks like it okay
got the rice
and what's that sugar no no check out
that sugar what's that oh yeah yeah okay
so we got some sugar in there SMG or an
MSG right cutter pork powder pork I'll
cut it pork powder I've never heard of
pork powder
okay so we got sugar pork powder and s
msg excuse me put an egg in there so two
eggs in there okay so we mix all that
together turns down the heat broke in
the bed so we got onions in there
carriage and some kind of Chinese kale
and then he tops it off with carrots and
the rice and that is soy sauce on - two
- it looks pretty thick this up fish
sauce Wow uh-huh two dashes another soy
sauce so two types of soy sauce
and you mix it all together and it's
just that simple thing you can see other
type people coming in to read content
they love this file like me I love it
Wow
garlic fresh garlic okay the dry dry
garlic dry garlic oh this is great I'm
so excited
Matt they control
finish that quick thank you very much